Adds command `context init`, closes #4042 (#4100)
pnp/cli-microsoft365: docs/docs/cmd/context/context-init.md

# status

> Adds the context in the .m365rc.json file

Reviewer: Let's rephrase to:

```suggestion
Initiates CLI for Microsoft 365 context in the current working folder
```

## Usage

```sh
m365 context init [options]
```

## Options

--8<-- "docs/cmd/_global.md"

## Examples

> Adds the current context to the .m365rc.json file

Reviewer: Let's align this with the command's description
